press these two points and you'll lose
weight within a month most methods of
losing weight demand hard work and
dedication but you can take the easy way
out
acupressure is a safe natural and
effective method that can not only heal
your body but also boost your metabolism
and help shed extra pounds in a couple
of minutes you'll find out which points
on your body you should stimulate to
slim down but first hit the subscription
button and ring the notification bell to
join us on the bright side of life
according to traditional Chinese
medicine you can encourage the weight
loss process if you let excess moisture
and heat leave your body however don't
take these words literally expelling
extra heat and moisture means that when
you stimulate certain points you get rid
of energy imbalance and set off your
metabolism in addition by doing so you
support the health of your digestive
organs the acupressure point in your
philtrum one of the most important
acupressure points responsible for
weight loss is @gv 26 yep each of these
points has its own name it's situated on
your upper lip right under your nose
you'll find it in the middle of your
philtrum the small crease on your upper
lip apply pressure to this point twice a
day don't press too hard and don't do
this for longer than five minutes this
exercise will help you control hunger
and curb your appetite the acupressure
points on your elbow the second
acupressure point that can help you lose
weight is located on your elbow it's
called li eleven this is an important
point connected with your large
intestine you can find this point on the
inner side of your elbow crease closer
to the outer part of your elbow when you
massage this place you stimulate your
intestinal function and remove excess
moisture from your body
with the help of your thumb apply medium
pressure to the elbow acupressure point
press it for one to two minutes every
day this way you'll achieve the most
impressive results by pressing these two
points you stimulate the energy in your
body
which has a positive influence on the
main factors that cause obesity you'll
increase your metabolism lower your
stress levels and reduce your appetite
such a massage also has an effect on the
part of your brain responsible for
feeling hunger traditional Chinese
medicine states that you gain weight
when you suffer from an imbalance in the
body this imbalance can be triggered by
problems with a spleen liver thyroid
gland endocrine system and kidneys
that's why acupressure targets the
points connected with these organs
besides the two main acupressure points
there are several others that will lead
to similar weight loss results the
acupressure point below your belly
button this point is located
approximately an inch below your belly
button massage it up and down for one to
two minutes twice a day the best way is
to use your index and middle fingers
this method will help make your
digestion better it will also improve
the situation if you regularly suffer
from constipation getting rid of this
problem will eventually lead to slimming
down the acupressure points below your
ribs these points are also called
abdominal sorrow points they are
situated slightly below your bottom ribs
draw an imaginary straight line from
your earlobes down there you go press
these points with the index and middle
fingers of each hand simultaneously this
will help you if you have indigestion
rib pain ulcers or an appetite in
balance if you're massaging these points
to lose weight press them for about five
minutes every day
the acupressure point on your ankle you
can find this point on the inner side of
your leg a bit higher than your ankle
use your thumbs to apply pressure here
you should press this point for about
one or one and a half minutes and then
slowly release it try to do this
exercise every day you'll soon notice
that your digestive system has become
stronger and started to function more
effectively the acupressure point on
your knee you'll find the knee point
approximately two inches beneath your
kneecap it's situated slightly
off-center closer to the outer side of
your leg try flexing your foot up and
down you can be sure you've found the
correct spot if you feel some muscles
twitching under your finger for losing
unwanted weight press this point for one
to two minutes a day with the help of
your index finger by doing this you'll
help your alimentary organs function in
the right way you'll improve digestion
support the health of your stomach and
provide your blood with all the
necessary nourishment the acupressure
point on your ear to find this
particular point you need to position
your thumb right in front of your ear
next to the small triangular-shaped fold
of tissue the thumb is the best choice
because it will cover a greater area and
stimulate not one but three acupressure
points gathered in that place you can
easily make sure you spot at the right
point open and shut your mouth several
times you need to feel the movements of
your jaw the pressure you apply to the
ear points should be constant and
neither too strong nor too weak keep
pressing the point for approximately
three minutes this will help you control
your hunger urges and appetite on top of
that it will improve your digestion
stimulating the year acupressure point
will be effective not only for weight
loss but also for reducing the pressure
that accumulates around your jaw you can
also use this method if you have a
migraine earache or jaw infection when
you work with your acupressure points
make sure you do it correctly for
example if you need to press two points
situated on different sides of your body
try
do this simultaneously spend an equal
amount of time massaging these points
also apply similarly light or medium
pressure to both points you should find
a level of pressure that you're
comfortable with never press too hard
remember that when you press lightly
your skin is only slightly depressed you
shouldn't feel your bone under your
finger or be able to measure your pulse
if you apply medium pressure it's okay
to feel your joints and muscles moving
you might even feel your pulse the best
environment for stimulating acupressure
points is a calm and tranquil place but
this isn't an obligatory condition you
can practice acupressure at home at work
when you're taking a shower or when
you're lying in bed besides having some
amazing weight loss benefits acupressure
can make you significantly healthier it
has a calming effect on your mind and
muscles and promotes faster healing of
physical illnesses and mental
disturbances it tones your facial
muscles improves blood circulation and
helps to release muscular tension
acupressure makes your body stronger
which can lead to a person needing to
take fewer medications however you
should remember that acupressure can't
work its magic if you lead an unhealthy
lifestyle try to combine this Chinese
approach with physical activity and a
proper diet include more
anti-inflammatory and organic foods in
your diet such as berries nuts and
vegetables cut down on the amount of
prepackaged and processed foods you
consume learn or develop your skills of
cooking from scratch and eat more
vegetables and fruit these products
along with whole grains should make up
two-thirds of your daily meals they
contain a lot of fiber and antioxidants
which fight inflammation try to decrease
the amount of red meat you consume if
you buy beef choose lean meat if you get
poultry make sure there's no skin give
up saturated fats there shouldn't be
more than 7 percent of these fats in
your daily calorie intake eat more fish
as it's a perfect source of omega-3 fats
and more omega-3 fats means fewer
inflammatory processes in your body the
best options are tuna mackerel salmon
in traffic if you don't have the time to
go to the gym try to be more active in
your everyday life walk in the park go
swimming take a dance class
or cycle to work have you ever
experienced the healing effect of
massaging acupressure points if so tell
us about your results in the comments
section below remember to give us a like
share this video with your friends and
hit subscribe to join us on the bright
side of life
[Music]